Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
“The desire of union
with my beloved was intense.
My little world was full
of joy and happiness.
It was the eve of our union.
It was exceptional and very special.
My arms. flesh...
and bones simmered
In the heat of our heavy breaths.
The scorching heat of summer
turned both of us pale. yellow
Me and Amaltas.”
This poem has been sent to us
by our regular and favorite caller
Anjum Qureshi.
You may know her as a famous poet
who often sends her poems to us.
One of her poems
you all request for a lot
and I present it to you again!
“I see daisies in my sight
What happened between us last night
I wish would happen again tonight.”
You are listening to your favorite RJ
Sahir Beragi on “Wanderers of the Night.”
The next request is by
Allahrakha Bashir
from Khab... errr... Khabekhi Lake.
He requests a song in Reshma's voice...
Come. children. come!
Come take the sweets!
Say it louder!
Louder!
Come. children. come!
Come take the sweets!
He'll gather them.
I've told Ahmad
our honeymoon should last a month.
I don't want to look at his
family's faces right after the wedding.
You actually said that?
Of course!
He should get used to my orders.
His mother was saying that
we should go to his uncle in Karachi.
I said there's no way
that I would go to Karachi! Never!
All that humidity!
But I've sorted it with Ahmad.
We'll go to Murree!
To see the snowfall!
Hey!
Tell me
which outfit suits him best?
This golden one.
I like this one too.
Hello sister!
Hello. hello!
Here you go.
Here. take it. One by one.
Why are you taking two?
One is for my sister
she is sick and is at home.
Okay. make sure you give it to her.
If you eat it yourself
tapeworms will bite your ass.
Its amazing how
Sister Sakina never forgets to prepare
this dessert on Saqlain's birthday.
Yes because
he has forgotten us so dutifully.
It's on us to never forget him.
Run now. it's finished.
Your daughter didn't go to school?
She is unwell.
Sister we've distributed the sweets
only the mosque is left now.
Yes. just preparing
the dish for the mosque.
I feel so sad when I look at Hina.
So young and beautiful...
and look at her fate.
It’s been seven or eight years
right. since he left?
Shhh... Hina!
Just praise Sakina's cooking!
Sakina. the dessert is perfect!
Did Hina hear us?
No. you were not that loud.
He went to find a job. right?
I think there is something fishy...
Saqlain must have
married a foreigner there.
Seems like it.
I don't think he will ever come back.
This house gives me the horrors.
Sister-in-law
do you remember
how fond Saqlain is of the rain?
I can't forget the day
when you both got lost.
We went into the jungle
to catch tadpoles.
Papa left immediately in the rain
on his motorcycle
to look for you both.
Mother was praying so loudly
in the courtyard.
I thought it's the end of the world!
When uncle finally found us
I thought he would scold us.
But he hugged us and kept crying.
That’s because
mother kept yelling at him
that he would be responsible
if anything happens
to her sister's orphaned child.
It will get better. sister-in-law.
When Saqlain comes back
it will get better...
like it used to be.
Where are you going?
Just a second.
Sister-in-law?
Look. a kitten!
It was getting drenched in the rain.
Its mother has ran off.
It's okay
It's okay my child.
It's okay... It's okay.
I was leaving.
Leaving for pilgrimage?
There was no need
for this elaborate farewell.
You startled my girls.
I knew you'd be happy to see me.
Ah!
Your star subject!
Stunning!
Its coming along very well.
Go give it to her.
Ma’am. mother has sent this for you.
Thank you.
But what is it?
It's a... a medicine.
Its very good.
Okay.
Her mother makes it herself.
I gave it to my cousin too.
She was childless for ten years.
But last year she had twins!
You should take one
spoonful every morning.
God willing
Mr Malik will have an heir soon.
Idiot!
You were giving fertility medicines
to Ma’am in front of everyone?
How else should I have given it?
I don't think its going to work on Ma’am.
I think she has hit menopause.
Yeah yeah. blame it all on her.
I suspect Mr Malik.
We'll all be in trouble
if somebody hears us.
How old do you think she is?
Mmm...
She is very well maintained
but definitely around fifty.
Can you get pregnant at this age?
Three large batteries please.
Okay.
Here you go.
Four packets of washing powder too.
Water!
What sorcery is this?
Water rising to the skies.
Water burning like flames.
Water flooding the desert.
Water!
Water casting spells!
Water rising to the skies!
Water wrapping my feet like chains...
Water stifling me...
Water scribbling words on my body...
Water erasing everything.
It is pushing its way through...
Dreamily. slithering. creeping...
Dreamily. slithering. creeping
Who knows what it will do?
Water!
Magical water!
Water rising to the skies!
How my heart sinks!
How it rises again!
Where is this heart of mine
sweeping me off to?
Leaving everything behind...
Leaving behind
acquaintances and strangers alike...
What will this moment
frozen in time reveal?
Will it stay this way forever?
Water!
What sorcery is this?
Magical water!
Water casting spells!
Water rising to the heavens!
Sister-in-law?
What are you doing?
Just changing clothes.
I spilled some paint accidentally.
Hmm...
Did you bring the groceries?
Yes.
You didn't forget the batteries. right?
Nope.
Actually...
I forgot them sister.
I'll get them tomorrow.
Once there was a star
who fell madly in love
with a lost traveller.
The traveller would walk endlessly
during the day.
And at night
he would fall asleep
on the cool desert sand.
The moonlight reflecting on him
against the silver sand
mesmerised the star.
She would keep looking at him
till the first beams of the sun.
And throughout the day
lost in the bright sunlight
the star would wait for night time.
And then one night
some very dense clouds came by.
The star couldn't see the traveller.
She begged the clouds to move
but they didn't budge.
She cried and threatened the clouds
but they were very stubborn.
Then. helplessly
the star called to the wind
to blow away the clouds.
The wind felt sorry for the star
and decided to help her.
And it blew all the clouds away
in a single breath.
When the clouds parted
the star saw something...
Her traveller was lying dead
on the desert sand.
The clouds were protecting her
from this painful truth.
Hina?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
If there's any problem
you can tell me.
No there isn't...
just the usual.
Hina. exchange this with me?
Ma’am gave me yellow last time too.
Please take this?
Thank you.
My name is Amaltas.
I'm a photographer.
And if I like something...
I capture it.
You can tell me your name too
when you come again.
Sometimes I think that love
is like a pack of cigarettes
which comes with a health warning
and a horrifying picture on it.
But there's no such thing
on the box of love.
Nobody warns you
about what's to come.
And lovers. just like moths
are drawn to the flame.
They jump into the fire
and believe that they've found
something incredible and everlasting
believing that to get destroyed
is the highest level of love.
Love is love. and love is life!
Don't you trust me. sister?
I have counted very carefully.
I trust you
but its better to double-check.
Check. check. sure.
I was thinking to give you
the next season's payment too.
Next payment will be made
next season only.
Let the soil breathe for a bit.
As you wish.
Let the soil breathe
while we run out of air.
Uh-ho. he just wants his share.
Hello. Sakina!
Hello.
You've lost so much weight?
You didn't get dengue again?
For God's sake. aunty!
Say something nice for once.
You tell. everything good?
I'm good. you tell?
Is that a no?
We'll talk later. Usman. bye.
Naseem. come inside.
Bye. as you wish.
There’s no invitation card
for the recepion
but you both have to come.
Where did I put it?
Oh. here it is.
It says Sakina.
And this...
this is your party dress!
Party dress?
What was the need for these
stupid. extravagant traditions.
Go and explain this to her...
she got dresses for five friends.
There is extra cloth in this too
if you need to alter something.
Thank you. Aunty.
Read properly!
Should I tell sister?
Sakina...
you should think about her too.
What?
What do I need to think?
Look...
doesn't matter what people say
but we're answerable to God.
Had Saqlain kept in touch
it would be different.
But there’s no news of him
since he left.
Why have you kept her
tethered like a goat?
Decide something about her.
She is getting older.
You can't see but I can!
She is losing her youth.
So what should I do?
What are you trying to say?
Should I get her married
while she is already married?
Should I commit such a sin?
If your brother doesn't return
for the next twenty years
will she keep waiting like this?
Why won't he come back?
Are you wishing ill for us?
God. Sakina!
You're so insensitive!
It's the duty of a chaste woman
to wait for her husband!
To protect her honor
in his absence!
I am just worried about her.
She doesn't need you to worry!
You get out!
Take your filthy mind
and get out of my house.
Don't get so charged up!
Nobody wants to come
to this graveyard anyway!
Get out!
Wait and watch what happens to you
for this injustice!
Sister...
Hmm?
She is the only friend I have.
So?
Have you ever seen
a lion hunt a deer?
We believe
that their relationship is unfair
that of a predator and a prey
of the cruel and the weak.
Wrong!
Their relationship is pure. natural.
The predator needs to hunt.
And the prey fulfills that need.
The lion never deceives the deer.
In a single chase. it's clear
that the lion is the predator
and the deer is the prey.
Human beings are predators too.
But we keep deceiving our prey.
With lies and tricks
and with mercy.
Whereas our intention is the same.
To overcome our hunger. to hunt.
We should never hide our intentions.
We should be like a lion!
A beast!
Turn towards me. o beautiful!
Turn towards me!
You have me hooked
and you tug at my heartstrings.
O beautiful!
Turn towards me.
Lovestruck!
We wander...
like wild beasts in the jungle.
O beautiful one!
Turn towards me.
Bulleh Shah. I won't die!
Bulleh Shah. I won't die...
let it be someone else!
O beautiful one!
Turn towards me.
You have me hooked
and you tug at my heartstrings.
O beautiful...
turn towards me.
Hina.
I want to soar
like a kite in the wind
my love!
I want to soar
like a kite in the wind
my love!
Take my heart
and make me yours. my love!
Clouds. so high!
Hello Mr Malik!
Had fun. you clowns?
He has seen everything now.
As if he hadn't already.
He is very sleazy.
Hello!
You're coming late these days?
I talked to my mother.
She will apologise to sister Sakina.
I have told her
if Hina doesn't come
there won't be a wedding
but a funeral.
I'll either swallow a diamond or
hang myself from the fan.
Ma’am Zeenat isn't here?
Nope.
Its been a while.
I'll go check.
And don't say such things.
Zeen... get up!
Get up!
Are you okay?
How much did you drink?
How much?
Come on. come on. Get up.
Like what?
What do I have to do?
What will you do with me?
Zeen!
What?
You have to get back to rehab.
Fuck off!
Zeen...
Its going to get tough.
Too tough.
I'll call your sister.
Just get out of here.
Zeen...
Get out of here!
Why are you standing?
Come.
Sit over there.
Are you alright Ma’am?
I'm fine.
Your skin is so transparent.
Enjoy it while you can.
Doesn't last.
All colors fade.
Nothing lasts.
Look at me.
Can you see?
I used to like
the pain in your eyes.
Like some old memory.
But now
I'm bored
of this cheap emotional appeal.
Escape.
Escape from wherever you're stuck.
Escape right away.
Soon as you get an opportunity
seize it.
Grab it.
Or else...
One gets addicted to the pain.
Just like you get addicted
to gin and tonic.
And then. just to gin.
I'm sure...
my sister-in-law looks beautiful.
May God protect you
from evil eyes and evil plans.
You should come too
Aunty Naseem even apologised
to you.
Let it be.
I'm allowing you to go
and that's enough.
We rarely get a chance
to get out of this house.
Don't you feel suffocated
being home all the time?
Houses don't suffocate you
they protect you.
I'm leaving sister.
Yes yes...
Go now.
But come back soon.
Okay but don't get worried.
You have put on henna?
Yes.
Henna on Hina!
It sounds so nice to hear
you call me by my name.
Please call me Hina.
No. no!
You're my sister-in-law.
You look pretty!
Turn.
Lets put the braid on the front...
it'll look nice.
Do me a favour.
Hmm?
Lock this door and guard it.
And if somebody comes
tell them I'm changing.
Why?
Go on!
Do it. please!
So impatient!
You invite me yourself
and then call me impatient?
Turn around.
Let’s burn the house down girls!
Let’s shine like a diamonds girls!
Dare someone
lay a hand on you girls...
let’s pin him to the ground girls!
Let’s burn the house down girls!
Do I look ok?
Let’s go get what we want girls!
Let’s rock the world girls!
Dare someone
stand in your way girls...
let’s make him pay for it girls!
Let’s burn the house down girls!
Oh my heart kept thumping...
It kept racing...
How my heart kept burning...
It kept losing...
I kept quiet!
I kept my cool!
I suffered in silence!
I waited!
You didn’t come.
You didn’t even fight.
You didn’t reply.
You didn’t even give me a sign.
My beloved is far away...
It’s hard to even breathe.
This longing feels so heavy...
This grief has consumed me.
There is no one like my Mirza!
O mother. bid me farewell.
Let’s carve our own path girls!
Let’s conquer grief girls!
We are warriors!
Let’s not accept defeat girls!
Let’s burn the house down girls!
I don't know why I’ve come here.
Do you want to go back?
No.
I don't know.
I'm married.
Does he not love you?
Does he hit you?
Or is he unfaithful?
He just went away... somewhere.
That means he was a fool.
Stay.
Stay and let me look at you.
Never go away.
Stay. the apple of my eye.
Stay.
Stay and let me look at you.
Never go away.
Stay. the apple of my eye.
Lets pour our hearts out.
Let’s sit right here.
These moments of togetherness
may never be had again.
Lets pour our hearts out.
Let’s sit right here.
These moments of togetherness
may never be had again.
I can’t...
I can’t look at you enough.
You have my heart.
Never go away.
Stay.
Stay and let me look at you.
Never go away.
Stay. the apple of my eye.
Let’s do away with this
distance between us.
Let’s stay together.
My heart aches...
I want a life with you.
Let’s do away with this
distance between us.
Let’s stay together.
My heart aches...
I want a life with you.
Every breath!
Every breath I have left in me...
I’d gladly let you take it away.
Never go away.
Stay.
Stay and let me look at you.
Never go away.
Stay. the apple of my eye.
Sister?
Sister-in-law?
Where have you been? Where?
Why do you worry so much?
Nothing will happen to me.
Come inside.
Lets go inside.
Why do you worry so much!
Did you miss your period?
I seek forgiveness from Allah.
Yes.
Do you feel well?
Beginning Asr prayer now...
facing the Qibla...
God is great...
Send an SMS to 776
with a space after SB.
Don't forget to write your name.
There's a message from Saad Faraz.
My brother says
''Sahir Bhai I love your show!''
I love you. my brother Faraz!
''And I love your voice.''
I love you very much saad bro.
“Our nights are incomplete
without listening to your show.
Song choice is awesome!”
“Please play Haal Aisa Nahin
by Ali Sethi!”
Brother your wish is my command.
So let's listen to Ali Sethi
and enjoy the melody of this song
at this hour of the night...
and the melody of this rain.
Shall we elope?
Have the kids left?
Why didn't you go?
Sister-in-law?
You're here!
You got late again today?
Do you know Saqlain is back!
You too freshen up quickly.
I've cooked his favourite pilav!
Lets make mint chutney with it!
He went off to meet Usman
after waiting for you.
He should be back soon!
Go freshen up!
Saqlain?
Hina?
Where's brother Usman?
Where is Saqlain?
Saqlain?
Sister Sakina said he is back
and he came to meet you.
I'm tired.
I’m tired of hoping
that one day he will return.
Today. I decided to demand
from God to send him back.
God didn't listen to me.
I swear. for a second
I felt like he was really here.
I could smell his scent
around the whole house.
You can’t demand from your Lord.
Please forgive me. my Lord.
Your kitten died.
Sister-in-law?
Do you remember
the floods of 2009?
The rains didn't stop
for a month and a half.
And then one morning Saqlain...
Stop sister!
I don't want to hear
any story right now.
The rains will come and go.
The same seasons will come back
again and again.
But none of it matters.
Floods and rains will change nothing.
Life in this house
will remain the way it is.
Want to see a magic trick?
Keep looking at the water.
Three. two. one!
It is only natural that a man
is attracted to a woman.
And likewise a woman
is attarcted to a man.
That is why our religion
has given us directions and guidance
regarding the formation of a lawful
and acceptable relationship
between the two genders.
It has shown us the light.
It has given us knowledge.
So that we humans
do not behave like animals.
It has clearly told mankind
the righteous. permissible way
to satisfy our emotional and physical
needs through lawful marriage.
According to religious scholars
an adult who has the resources
to marry and he fears
that he might go astray...
It is incumbent upon him to marry.
Because if he doesn't go the lawful
route the chances of him committing
a sin are increased.
Hence ladies. save your children
from such sins and make sure
they are lawfully wedded when
they reach the appropriate age.
Thank you very much Ma'am
for telling us such important things
in such a beautiful way.
I'm sure your words must have
been beneficial for all of us.
Yes. yes
If anyone has a confusion or
problem or if there's a question
then please don’t hesitate
to share with madam.
We don't know when
we will see her again.
You?
Anyone else?
Nobody has any question to ask?
Okay then I’ll ask a question.
So Ma’am. I wanted to ask...
if a woman's husband disappears...
goes missing...
and for many years he doesn’t
make any contact with her...
Would that woman still be
considered married to him?
What is the status of such
a marriage according to Islam?
A husband who goes missing
for a long time
is called 'Mafqood-ul-khabar'.
Such a woman should
wait for four years...
then she shall seek legal help
from a court for a decision...
then she shall observe the
'term of widowhood' for three months.
After that as per the court
and Islamic law. she has the right
to re-marry according to her will.
Marriage is a sacred institution.
May Allah help those
who respect the sanctity of this act.
Amen!
You made me go there
to listen to all of this!
I only knew that there was a lecture.
I didn’t know what
they would talk about.
Such wicked and insensitive people!
There's no need to go to
their house for work anymore!
What happened?
A burden has been lifted off
my heart and all my fears
have left me.
I wish I could explain!
How my heart soars
flutters and flies!
What my heart yearns for!
I wish I could explain...
how my heart flutters...
what my heart yearns for!
I wish I could explain!
When I peek within...
all I see is darkness.
My life is but worthless.
Please shed some
of your light on me.
Time stands still it seems
yet my heart beats!
As if it's caught in a whirlwind!
Time stands still it seems
yet my heart beats!
As if it's caught in a whirlwind!
I cry. I laugh...
I have lost my mind!
I want to drift away but
not too far I'm afraid!
What do you think?
It’s very nice.
And what about Hina?
Poor beautiful lonely girl...
She needs someone!
I wish I could explain...
How my heart flies...
maddens and vexes me!
I wish I could explain!
I wonder where this
gust of wind will take me!
I may land on the clouds
never to return!
I wonder where this
gust of wind will take me!
I may land on the clouds
never to return!
What has this nomadic heart to lose?
The world around me
is losing its charm!
I wish I could explain!
What my heart is up to
It's scared of nothing!
It sighs. it refuses to listen!
I wish I could explain...
what this heart is up to...
sighing. refusing to listen!
I wish I could explain!
Marry me!
Hina! Is that you?
Yes...
Is everything okay?
What?
Where are you going?
I'm just going home.
Get in the car. I will drop you.
Get in.
Where were you for so long?
I was at Noori's.
I told you about it.
We were just sitting
when it started raining.
She said to wait till it stops.
Does such irresponsible behaviour
suit a young lone woman?
Okay sister. let's go inside.
Why are you standing in the rain!
Kids reciting Arabic verses.
I'll get it.
Reciting the Quran.
Very good!
Hello Zeenat Ma’am.
Can I come in?
Oh sorry. please do.
Wow!
Ma’am Zeenat is here.
Please have a seat.
We never get to meet.
I do meet Hina everyday
and I always ask about you.
Really?
May Allah reward you for it!
I'll just...
I wanted to talk to you...
Talk to me?
Yes...
Instead of beating about the bush
it’s better to be straightforward.
I'm here to ask
for Hina's hand in marriage...
with my husband. Malik Nadir.
What?
Look!
Try to listen to me with patience.
You know my husband. Mr Malik...
you know about me too...
A home is incomplete without kids...
And God has not...
Students!
Close your books and go home.
Come tomorrow.
Goodbye.
Goodbye sister!
It's a sin to marry a woman
who is already married!
Grave sin!
It is forbidden
and I will not let any such
immorality take place!
Remember
what that lady scholar said?
I heard what the lady scholar said.
I heard everything!
There are many other
commandments of God too.
But everyone is just worried
about Hina's marriage!
We don't beg anyone for anything.
Nobody has any favours upon us!
Do me a favour and leave!
But do ask Hina about this too.
I'll ask Hina whatever I want.
You please leave us alone!
Hina!
Tell her that my God has given
me a lot of patience but
if I misbehave then she herself
would be responsible for it!
Goodbye.
Be afraid!
Fear the wrath of God!
Sister...
I have nothing to do with this.
Hmm...
It's not your fault.
It is the fault of this body...
and its impure needs...
that make a human falter and sin.
We forget that this body
is made of dust...
and it will eventually
be eaten by vermin.
I could smell it...
Since days I could smell
sin on your body!
I could smell it!
You betrayed me!
I can't see no more
that's why I still have your
innocent face imprinted in my mind!
But it must have disfigured.
Your deeds must have
disfigured your face!
Why couldn't you wait for Saqlain?
Why couldn't you?
Why couldn't you defend his honour
that he left with you and me
to take care of!
You are his lawfully wedded wife.
Why were you unable to
protect your honour!
Why did you disgrace all of us!
I called you sister-in-law because
you were the honour of this house!
But you turned out to be henna!
Staining others with your tint...
your filthy tint!
Is this why you dress up
everyday to go to their house!
Tell me why you did this!
Why did you do this to me!
Tell me!
Tell me or else I will kill you!
Tell me why you did this!
May you rot!
May your body rot in hell...
that has laden you with sins!
It is His wrath!
It is the wrath of God!
The wrath of God!
What have I done...
Oh God!
Sister-in-law?
Please forgive me sister-in-law.
I have been so cruel.
Why did my hands not break
before hitting an orphan!
Listen...
I'm like a mother to you. right?
Mothers can be a little stern.
Sister-in-law?
Please forgive me sister-in-law.
Forgive me for the sake of God.
Forgive me.
Sister-in-law.
It's...
It's very nice.
Speak the truth... for once.
I can take it. you know.
I prefer it when
you're mean and honest.
When you try to be sweet...
I can't stand it!
I wasn't great
but I wasn't bad.
But these are awful!
Where's all the fire gone?
Did you put it out. Mr Malik?
And where's your fire gone?
Earlier...
I would be at the other end
of the room but I could
still feel your heat.
But now...
nothing happens!
I don't even get angry.
I just get irritated.
Did the truth hurt. Mr Malik?
Hmph!
Have I offended you?
Not at all.
I realised a long time ago...
that my joyous talented wife
is now no more
than a bitter
toxic
angry creature.
Where did you go sister-in-law?
Tell me?
Where did you go?
Nowhere.
You don't want to tell
or is it that you can't tell?
You went to Mr Malik. right?
Now shall I tell you clearly
what sin you are committing?
When a lawfully married woman...
Enough!
Quiet!
What marriage?
Whose marriage?
This isn’t a marraige. this is hell!
It's a deep dark pit
and I’m rotting away in it.
You call this painful wait
of eight years a marriage!
I don't want to wait anymore!
I don't want to die
in this dark pit with you!
If God has taken away your sight
why do you pull me
into the dark with you?
And don't you dare...
raise your hand against me!
And Saqlain...?
Saqlain is only a memory.
This!
This trunk!
This is Saqlain...
that reeks of phenyl balls!
His memories are rotting inside
just like I am!
I can't stand this stench anymore!
Saqlain! Saqlain! Saqlain!
Ma’am Zeenat wants me
to marry her husband.
But who did this?
Sister Sakina...
Sister Sakina says... Allah's wrath...
Allah’s wrath will be on me.
Amaltas. please save me.
Save me from everyone's wrath.
Amaltas...
Mr Malik is a powerful man.
Amaltas take me away!
Shall we run away?
Shall we?
But where would we go?
I will have to face
your family's wrath too. right?
I’ll have to suffer
your family’s wrath too!
I’ll have to suffer their wrath too!
No!
No... Not at all.
My home...
my world...
my mother...
They will all welcome you.
Come on...
Let's go.
I will be back...
I will be back in a while.
There are some matters...
they are too entangled...
I have to untangle them.
I have to say my last goodbye.
You trust me. right?
Now I have more faith in myself.
Without you beloved...
I will be ruined.
Go if you must
but forget me you must not.
I beg of you...
Hello.
Hello Sakina.
You could have called me
I would have come.
I'm happy to see you.
Would you like something to drink?
Please forgive me sister.
I didn't mean to say all that.
It's ok my child.
Mortals are meant to falter.
All of us make mistakes.
He went away for our sake...
to ensure our happiness.
His friend Awais sent this
soon after he had left.
Four of them had left together...
discreetly on a ship.
But only three of them reached alive.
Verily we belong to Allah
and verily to Him do we return.
He was always a lucky one.
When our ceiling collapsed
during the earthquake...
both papa and mother died!
My head was hit and I lost my sight!
Saqlain was there too!
Nothing at all happened to him.
It’s hard to believe it unless
you see it with your own eyes.
So I couldn’t believe it for years.
No!
Sshhh...
Today marks your first day
as a widow.
As per tradition you can't step out
for four months and ten days.
As soon as this term is over
I’ll have you married to Mr Malik.
Right according to your wish.
I beg of you...
Don’t walk away from me darling.
All I have is you...
It is but your name
written in my heart.
Written in my heart...
It is but your name
written in my heart.
Separated from you...
I am bound to die.
I beg of you...
Dont walk away from me darling.
All I have is you...
Hello
dear...
husband!
I roasted this rabbit myself.
What exactly are we celebrating?
Your second marriage
has been fixed!
Won't you say anything?
Eat!
Why aren't you eating?
Eat up. Mr Malik!
Fuel up!
Eat your fill!
Indeed. Allah is with those
that are patient.
Sister. let me out.
This is not fair.
No. my child.
It’s only the devil...
he is tempting you...
luring you.
Sister open the door.
I can't breathe.
You destroyed eight years of my life.
Why must I suffer more?
I was protecting you.
Don’t scare me in the name of God.
You would've been ruined.
You lied for years.
You had nowhere to go.
Weren't you scared of God?
You had noone besides me!
Curse be on liars.
Allah is with those that are patient.
If you don't open the door
I will kill myself. Open it!
Allah is with those that are patient.
This...
this is a bottle of kerosene.
Sister let me out
or I will burn everything.
For the last time...
let me out or I will
burn myself and this house!
Open the door!
Fine.
You won’t open the door...
I’m about to pour this kerosene.
I’m burning everything!
I've poured the kerosene...
on everything...
on myself and the whole room!
And this...
Matchbox!
I have a matchbox too!
I’m saying it for the last time
open the door!
Sister open the door...
or I’ll set fire to everything.
Sister open the door.
Open the door. now!
Or I'll burn everything!
Fire!
Fire! Help!
Sister-in-law!
Open the door!
I'm opening it. I'm opening it!
Help!
I'm opening it!
Sister-in-law? Are you alright?
I've burnt it.
I've burnt everything.
Sister-in-law?
Where are you going right now?
Its so late. Stop!
Where are you going?
Sister-in-law?
Sister-in-law stop!
Fire! Somebody help!
Sister-in-law!
There's a fire! Help! Somebody?
Help! Anyone there?
There’s a fire at Saqlain’s house!
Oh no! Look look. over there!
Come here!
Help! Fire! Fire!
Hurry up. quickly!
Who is it? Fire!
Has anyone seen Hina?
Move fast!
Why has she run off to the jungle?
I got very late. right?
There was a fire.
My imprisonment is over.
Everything must have burnt by now.
Hmm...
Saqlain is dead.
He died.
I was afraid it might be too late.
Let's go.
Let's run away.
It's really late. It's a jungle...
What if a lion comes and attacks us?
They are also coming after me.
Come on. Amaltas...
Come on let's go.
Amaltas it's getting late.
They will be here. Let's go!
Amaltas. they will take me away.
They will make me marry Mr Malik!
They will lock me up!
Let's go Amaltas!
Amaltas?
She went into this cottage.
Hasn't it been empty for long?
Yes.
There could be snakes here.
Keep moving!
We must find out
what she's doing inside!
Amaltas. they are here.
They will take me away. Amaltas!
Amaltas. let's go!
Get up! Amaltas!
Take me away from here!
I don't want to go with them!
Let's go. Amaltas!
What is she doing here?
I was already suspicious of her.
I’ve seen her going into
the jungle a few times.
She must be having an affair.
I’m sure of it.
Amaltas...
Why are we standing around?
Let’s open the door!
There's nobody in here.
Yes.
You're back. sister-in-law.
You're late again today.
How many times have I told you
to come back before sunset.
You’re very tired. aren’t you?
Your hair is all matted.
I’ll oil your hair in the morning.
Sister...
Hmm?
Last summer when I had fever
you told me a story...
about Princess Harmala.
She was very beautiful.
Behind her palace...
there was a big jungle...
that she would sneak off to...
away there in the afternoons.
Her stepmother...
was very jealous of her...
so she cast a spell on her...
that if she ever touched flowing water
it would ruin her.
And then one day...
she stood there
away from the stream...
and she heard someone call her...
“Harmala...”
She realised that the voice
was coming from the water.
Suddenly. she stepped on a pebble and
she slipped and fell into the water!
She didn’t know how to swim.
The water started to swallow her.
Deeper...
deeper...
And then suddenly it felt like
someone with strong arms gripped her
and pulled her out of the water.
But before she could see
her saviour's face. she fainted.
When she regained consciousness
she was still there. in the jungle...
Under an Amaltas tree...
but he wasn't there!
She looked for her saviour
all over the jungle
but she never found him!
Every afternoon. she would go
and sit under the Amaltas tree...
in the hope of catching
a glimpse of her saviour.
But she had touched the water!
Her stepmother cursed her...
remember?
The water destroyed her.
She became destined to
forever wait for him.
She is still sitting there...
under the Amaltas tree.
Hmph!
Silly girl!
I beg of you...
Dont walk away from me darling.
All I have is you...
It is but your name
written in my heart.
Written in my heart...
It is but your name
written in my heart...
Separated from you...
I am bound to die.
I beg of you...
Dont walk away from me darling.
All I have is you...
You're in my thoughts forever.
Forever in my thoughts...
Together we look good dearest.
I beg of you...
Don’t walk away from me darling.
All I have is you...